Full name: Imane AISSAT
Group: 04




1. Internet


Q1. 

1st paragraph : definition of the internet.
2nd paragraph : the development of the internet
3rd paragraph : the helpful services provided by the internet.
4th paragraph : The distinct policies of each internet network.



Q2. 

The definition of the internet : a system of interwined networks using TCP/IP.

Internet is a system of interwined computers network using IP/TCA suites that represent the two main protocols responsible of that connection.
the development of internet provided lots of services starting from communication ones such as email, to entertainment like music, movies.. to daily ones such as shopping and so on.



Q3.The USA is the country that was behind the creation of the Internet's backone.


Q4.
Some of the services that the internet provides to its users are online music, digital newspapers and internet television.



Q5.


* Carries: contains
* Backbone: base
* Brick and Mortar: existing store.
* Policies : rules and standards.


Q6. The ARPANET was implemented in the 1970s.


Q7. the role that the National Science Foundation Network played in the establishment of the Internet was encouraging a worldwide contribution in the development of new 
networking technologies and the incorporation of many networks as well.


Q8. The organization that handles IP adresses and domain names is the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).


Q9.


* The computers and networks use TCP/IP suites over the internet to be able to communicate reliably and correctly.




* 


Q10.


1.false
2.true
3.false
4.true




2. Welcome to the home of the future


Q1. the creation of an innovative smart design of houses that can adapt to all ages and different stages of life.





Q2. According to the article, The British Homes Awards challenged architects
to design a house 
that could adapt to all ages.




Q3. According to the article, in the winning property, bedrooms are downstairs
to 
have more privacy in the living room,
keep the same pleasant atmosphere the whole day.





Q4. According to the article, the parking spaces in this house design are 
on the grounf floor.





Q5. According to the article, in the SunnySideUp house the ground floor
can be rented.







Q6.We learn from the article that
children can play safely outside the house,







Q7. According to the article, the house has been designed
to be shared if necessary.







Q8. According to the article, the SunnySideUp development
will hopefully be built.










3. UK Students Protest COVID-19 Measures


Q1. 


1.true
2.false
3.false
4.true
5.true
6.false
7.false
8.false
9.false
10.true


Q2. This whole story is taking place in UK, north west Europe.





Q3. Students request a partial refund of their registration fees from
their universities because their university experience is being restricted and the studies are less effective due to the rules established to prevent COVID 19.




Q4. no,not everybody believed that online teaching was less effective than in-person teaching.
and the sentence that shows that in the text is : "The fifteen percent corresponds to the
amount by which online learning was found to be less effective than in-person
teaching, according to one international study".




Q5. The Refund us Now group requested a 15% cash refund for the students that were lied to. 




Q6. The alternative applied by Leeds university to clean the dirty clothes was to wash them in the sink.




Q7. ( The universities in the UK don't oblige their students to attend in person to not be responisble if anything happens to them )




Q8. I think that those students who prefer to get covid 19 while being away from weak family members are right, since younger people are immune and can 
bear getting sick better than the elders who can die easily. but they have to keep in mind that even youngsters can suffer.
